Was a guy so it's been a week.
OK.
And you can see that my SSL has been delivered to me.
So it's been like more than 10 days.
OK you can see this is right here.
Actually I was busy so I did not have much time to record the video.
Mentality if we have got the SSL or not so usually it will take more.
It will take more than 24 hours.
OK.
And you can see that this is Krien padlock that is coming in and takes HTP as they say is that my SSL
has been delivered and this hollowed out aged female is now in here.
So if you just come here and then you add a sheet and Ethans yelled or calm and then you go to this
then you will see that in the general settings you will see this word press you are l and the site address.
So you have to come here and you have to add the s here and also the s here.
OK.
That's all you have to do in the settings and the general you have to come here and then you have to
hit save changes so once you do that you have to wait.
OK you can see that the settings has been saved.
Now let's go to our site on clicking here you can see that I am in my website and if I just track this
I just drop it right here you can see that this is the images are also secured and everything is totally
secured right now.
So you can see that my HDD is finally working.
OK so this might happen that your shitty CPS may not load or it may give you an error.
So what you can do.
You can just go ahead to force the SSL what the plug in or you can just go to the CloudFlare and then
you can go down and you can choose the always use HTP as here and you can go down down and you can select
HTB as read right.
OK.
So that's all you have to do.
You have to just come here and then you have to refresh and then you will see that the HTC B.S. will
be totally up and running.
So now you can see that we're totally done with the DBMS.
If the ACBL doesn't load in your website that what you can do you can just go ahead to plug ins and
then you can go to Add me on.
OK.
And then you have to go to S S L and you have to quit this let's just see.
So I'm going to be going up with the plug in.
OK.
And that is going to be really simple a cell going to be clicking install this is installing the plug
in.
And now here you can see that this is right here.
Going to activate this plug in and that's all.
So after this is activated you just have to go ahead activate SSL that's all.
OK.
So now you'll see that the SSL must be activated so I'm telling you in case if your SSL is not working.
So now we are totally done with this.
OK so in the next video I'll tell you more.
So goodbye guys.